README.md, before:

# ECE444-F2023-Lab5

## Unit testing commits to web-app
- https://github.com/ECE444-2023Fall/project-1-web-application-design-group11-webwizards/blob/main/react-frontend/src/CreateFlyer/components/dialog/index.spec.js#L1-L65
- https://github.com/ECE444-2023Fall/project-1-web-application-design-group11-webwizards/blob/main/react-frontend/src/CreateFlyer/index.spec.js#L1-L18
#### Note: The command to run these tests was determined using: https://github.com/ECE444-2023Fall/project-1-web-application-design-group11-webwizards/blob/e771eb49fdc5d038db7d49ec3c399080a2e4a968/README.md?plain=1#L40


## Pros and Cons of TDD
### Pros
- Helps ensure that test cases (user journeys) do not get missed when writing code. When writing code, I often find myself forgetting/ignoring certain user scenarios. By having the tests written in advance, I can make sure that the code does not miss key user scenarios.

**Note:** The following pros are based on the "What can TDD do? - Benefits" in the Lab 5 slides (see: https://q.utoronto.ca/courses/324733/files/folder/Lab/Slides?preview=28310824

- Ensures that code put out is free of errors. When working on big changes, there can be some scope for unexpected behaviors to creep in. The tests help prevent this scenario, by giving more confidence that the code is free of errors.
- Allocates appropriate time for writing tests. I've personally noticed a tendency in myself to quickly write tests for faster deployment. In TDD, this is avoided since the tests are written before the code.

### Cons
- Slows development time: The time that I would've put towards developing a particular project, is now split between writing functional code and writing tests. Therefore, I believe it can slow down time to production.

**Note:** The following con is based on my understanding of the "Final Comments" in the lab 5 slides (see: https://q.utoronto.ca/courses/324733/files/folder/Lab/Slides?preview=28310824

- Tests can fail easily if not written well: If the test is not written well, there can be a possibility where the test could pass when it should not, or can easily be made to fail by unrelated changes.

Commit message:

Added reference to replayed repo.

README.md, after:

# ECE444-F2023-Lab5

## The steps outlined in the following repo were replayed in this example:
https://github.com/mjhea0/flaskr-tdd

## Unit testing commits to web-app
- https://github.com/ECE444-2023Fall/project-1-web-application-design-group11-webwizards/blob/main/react-frontend/src/CreateFlyer/components/dialog/index.spec.js#L1-L65
- https://github.com/ECE444-2023Fall/project-1-web-application-design-group11-webwizards/blob/main/react-frontend/src/CreateFlyer/index.spec.js#L1-L18
#### Note: The command to run these tests was determined using: https://github.com/ECE444-2023Fall/project-1-web-application-design-group11-webwizards/blob/e771eb49fdc5d038db7d49ec3c399080a2e4a968/README.md?plain=1#L40


## Pros and Cons of TDD
### Pros
- Helps ensure that test cases (user journeys) do not get missed when writing code. When writing code, I often find myself forgetting/ignoring certain user scenarios. By having the tests written in advance, I can make sure that the code does not miss key user scenarios.

**Note:** The following pros are based on the "What can TDD do? - Benefits" in the Lab 5 slides (see: https://q.utoronto.ca/courses/324733/files/folder/Lab/Slides?preview=28310824

- Ensures that code put out is free of errors. When working on big changes, there can be some scope for unexpected behaviors to creep in. The tests help prevent this scenario, by giving more confidence that the code is free of errors.
- Allocates appropriate time for writing tests. I've personally noticed a tendency in myself to quickly write tests for faster deployment. In TDD, this is avoided since the tests are written before the code.

### Cons
- Slows development time: The time that I would've put towards developing a particular project, is now split between writing functional code and writing tests. Therefore, I believe it can slow down time to production.

**Note:** The following con is based on my understanding of the "Final Comments" in the lab 5 slides (see: https://q.utoronto.ca/courses/324733/files/folder/Lab/Slides?preview=28310824

- Tests can fail easily if not written well: If the test is not written well, there can be a possibility where the test could pass when it should not, or can easily be made to fail by unrelated changes.
